In this lecture we will learn how to use HVM how to embed audio into our web page to embed audio into
your web page.
You can use the audio tag to start.
We will add an opening and closing audio tag to our code.
The source element specifies the audio file source.
Let's use the source element and give it a source attribute of our cookoo MP 3 audio file.
We also need to specify the type of audio file using the type attribute.
There are three types of audio files supported in each team out.
MP 3 Oh G.G. and wave.
Similar to the video element.
The attributes that audio elements have or controls auto play loop muted and pre-load the controls attribute
gives that user audio controls.
Let's say that the controls attribute to the opening audio tag then we will run our code in the browser
as you can see our audio controls are now displayed on the web page.
Let's jump back to the editor to auto play attribute signifies that the audio should start playing as
soon as the web page is loaded.
We will let the auto play attribute to our opening audio tag.
One note here.
In my experience it seems that this attribute works in Firefox but not in Chrome.
So run this code in the Firefox web browser if you can we will go to the web browser and run our code
or Oriol should play when our Web page loads.
Let's jump back to the editor and look at another example.
The loop attribute signifies that the audio should play on loop over and over again each time it is
finished.
Let's say the loop attribute inside of the opening audiotape egg then we will run our code in the web
browser
after the audio finishes playing.
It plays again over and over.
Thanks to the loop attribute.
Let's jump back to the editor and look at another example.
The muted attribute signifies that the audio should be muted to pre-load attributes specifies how the
audio should be preloaded when the web page loads just like videos or audio can have a preload value
of auto metadata or none of preload value of auto means that the browser should load the entire audio
file when the web page load a preload value of metadata means that the browser should only load the
metadata when the web page loads a preload value of non-means that the browser should not pre-load the
audio.
The audio should only be loaded when the user clicks the play button to play the audio audio elements
also have a fallback text that will display if there is a problem loading the audio.
We will put the full back text inside of the opening and closing audio tags in the next lecture.
We will learn about how to embed web pages into other web pages using HMO.